Alrighty, so moving along
with our development process,
in this video, we're going to cover step three
of developing new OrderHistory service.
All right, so let's go ahead and zoom in here
to our terminal window and let's go ahead
and generate this OrderHistory service
using the Angular CLI.
So ng generate service services/OrderHistory.
And now swinging over to our services directory,
we see that there was a new entry here
for OrderHistory service.
I'll just exit out of this terminal window
just to give myself some space to work with.
Let's go ahead and move into our OrderHistory service.
The first thing that we want to do is define the orderUrl
so that's the actual end point to our REST API.
And then I'll move into my constructor
and I'll actually inject the httpClient.
I'll use that for making REST API calls
and just to make sure we have the correct imports
up top for the httpClient.
That looks good.
And now to find this method here, getOrderHistory,
for a given user so they'll pass in
the user's email address,
and then we'll return an Observable
for GetResponseOrderHistory
and we'll define the GetResponseOrderHistory interface
a little bit later, so just hang tight.
Now the first thing I need to do in this method
is I need to build URL based on the customer email
so that orderUrl need to append the customer email.
So I'll go ahead and set this up here, so OrderHistoryUrl,
and give the base Url/search/findByCustomerEmail
and then I set up that parameter, email equals,
and then I use the actual parameter
that's passed into this method, theEmail.
And then I make the REST API calls so I use httpClient.get
and then I pass in the orderHistoryUrl.
So this effectively calls the REST API.
Now what about this GetResponseOrderHistory?
All right, so this is a special interface that we'll use
to access the JSON data that's being returned.
So let's go ahead and define this now.
So effectively, here we're going to unwrap the JSON
that comes back from the Spring Data REST API
in particular the _embedded entry
and we'll basically map those to an array
of OrderHistory items.
And then let me just fix the imports here
for this observable,
and I think that's it.
So this all looks pretty good so far.